well today we're going to add some new
lights to the case the guys seen the
other videos it's the antec 900 new
gaming machine we got Q 12-inch cold
cathode red lights to head to the inside
to hopefully show off some of the red
paint in there I also got some of these
LED lighted acrylic feet for the case
he's supposed to put them on the bottom
of the case and they will light up and
show a little red light underneath the
computer anyway just for a little added
the fact i guess probably not worth the
money but we thought we'd give them a
try see how hard they are to put in ok
well let's start here in a burqa case
and see where if we can find a spot for
the lights ok we're doing the feet on
the case first the lighted LEDs these
come with a double-sided tape that you
stick on to the foot and then it sticks
onto the bottom of the case if you're
using antec 900 case like this you'll
find out that the feet that were
originally on it don't have any hole
through the case so you will have to
drill a hole big enough to stick these
through and then your LED will come
through the top of it into the case so
you do have to do a little drilling and
I got the Dremel out to dream the whole
a little bit make it easier to stick
these through
we had to change our plans here a little
bit you can't well you kind of have to
remove the stock feet or you could draw
through them to do it but to install
these in the antec 900 that's going to
stick this little knob here it's going
to stick up through the case and keep
you from getting the power supply in so
after sticking them through hot gluing
everything figuring we're basically done
we had to start all over tear everything
back out drill through the feet I hot
glued them back onto the case so we can
put the LEDs on them that way we can put
the LEDs on and stick them up into here
so that they won't extend into the case
and get in the way of the power supply
so hopefully we're only a few minutes
away from getting these on so we can get
to working on the red light seven stone
okay where we got the feed on the case
the clear acrylics are all wired in we
put the cold cathodes in here's one
12-inch run it along this rail and I
also put another 12 inch up around this
top rail kind of tuck it up in there
I'll powers are hooked up and wired in
on the back of the case here you can see
the two different switches this one here
is the feet if you want to turn them on
or off the other little one here those
are for the cold cathodes this
particular lights come with a controller
that can actually control two lights so
I only needed to what you is one
controller but you actually get a
controller and a switch with each life
so if a person wanted to hook up two
different colors or maybe switch back
and forth between colors you can
certainly use the extra switches but
we're ready to put the covers on and go
plug this thing in and see if the lights
over okay we got everything hooked up
and running before I show you the lights
on the case I want to show you something
else I just added this is the Logitech G
51 5.1 surround system you can see the
back speakers here right behind my chair
for the surround sound there 155 wat
system they're great for games or
listening to music or watching DVDs
really nice i just hooked them up played
with them for about 10 minutes really
liked them so far I'll shut the lamp off
here so you can see the lights on the
case see if we can get a good shot of
the lighted feet on there you can see
they're pretty bright and here is what
the case looks like with the lights in
there they're almost more of an orange
than a red but they're quite bright you
can really see good inside the case look
at the all the different components
kind of a front view of it and the top
one shines right through the top fan
hole there and it reflects off the wall
it's really a nice setup for the few
dollars it is to buy it here's my goal
monitors the screensaver going another
thing I wanted to show you is this
fiber-optic light I picked up this
weekend at AU store for a dollar it's a
really pretty cool adds a lot of color
kind of need to look at ad still a
little the comps in the computer room
but basically that's it we're ready to
shut this off and get to play in some
games thanks for watching